What's going on?
Mr. Fan, you are finally here
Just these turtle boys can't come up with the money
I still don't want to see this colorful teapot
Yes!
Old Fan also took out a broken card
I don't know the sky is high and the earth is thick
He thought 50 million was a decimal number
Xiaoyong multicolored teapot and extraordinary products
I just started too
Where did you get the news from?
Don't worry about that.
50 million for your teapot, right?
Don't forget it.
Don't talk nonsense for him
This kid is sneaky
I guess he just wanted to steal something
If I say this 50 million
If you can afford to lose, what do you want?
If you lose this 50 million, you still lose
Hahahaha
Good boy since you want to die
Then I'll play with you
If you lose
I'll break your damn legs
Good idea.
Take it for capital verification
Go and see how much money is in the card
Boy, I'll see how you die later